Summer Camp
Abigail, Oliver, Rosa, and Blake all attend the same summer camp, where they can cook, kayak, rock climb, and zip-line. Each child has a different favorite activity.
Abigail’s favorite activity isn’t rock climbing.
Oliver is afraid of heights.
Rosa can’t do her favorite activity without a harness.
Blake likes to keep his feet on the ground at all times.
Can you figure out who likes what? (edited)

Round 1:

Abigail's favorite activity isn't rock climbing.
Since we know Abigail's favorite activity isn't rock climbing, we can immediately eliminate that from the available choices.

Rosa can't do her favorite activity without a harness.
Since we know Rosa cannot do her favorite activity without a harness, we can eliminate both rock climbing and zip-lining, as they both require a harness. This leaves Rosa with the available option to either cook or kayak.

Oliver is afraid of heights. 
Since we know Oliver is afraid of heights, we can eliminate both
rock climbing and zip-lining, as they both include being high up
in the air. 

Blake likes to keep his feet on the ground at all times.

Since we know Blake likes to keep his feet on the ground at all times, we can eliminate zip-lining and kayaking. It is also presumed that we can eliminate rock climbing due to the semantics (feet being on the ground - your feet are techinically on "ground - rocks" while climbing versus literally being flat on a grounded pavement. Since we know this about Blake, the only option available for him would be to cook.

Round 2:

Now that we know Blake will be cooking, we can continue the process of elimination with Oliver. Since we knew from round 1 that Oliver is afriad of heights and Blake likes to keep his feet on the ground granting him the only option to cook, Oliver would automatically fall into the kayaking activity.

With Blake cooking and Oliver kayaking, that leaves Rosa and Abigail. Since we know that Abigail's favorite activity isn't rock-climbing, that would by default place her in the zip-lining activity and Rosa in the rock climbing activity.

I was able to conclude all of the above merely by the process of elimination and use of logic.

